HSF objectives and goals (#1722)
HSF/hsf.github.io: organization/goals.md

The objectives of the HSF are to:

- Share expertise on software development
- Raise awareness of existing software and solutions
- Help discussions to catalyse new common projects
- Promote commonality and collaboration in new developments to make the most of limited resources
- Aid developers and users in creating, discovering, using and sustaining common software
- Support training and career development for software and computing specialists
- Help the community to set priorities and goals for development
- Facilitate wider connections; while the HSF is a HEP community effort, it is very open to collaboration with other sciences

In 2017 the HSF organised a [Community White Paper]({{ site.baseurl }}/cwp.html)
initiative, which resulted in the publication of a [Roadmap for HEP
Computing](https://arxiv.org/abs/1712.06982){:target="_cwp_roadmap_arxiv"}. This

> document lays out the software and computing challenges that will be faced

Reviewer: ```suggestion
document laid out the software and computing challenges that would be faced
```

> during the next decade and the roadmap of R&D that is needed to face them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
during the next decade and the roadmap of R&D that would needed to face them
```
